hi ladies today we're going to be
talking about the long and lush wig by
hairdo now this wig is made with
true-to-life fibers which means you can
curl or flat iron it just like you would
your own hair now this color that I have
here is called our 30 25 s plus this is
our best-selling shade for this wig now
to keep this wig in place all day long I
recommend using hair you where's
flexible hold aerosol hairspray all you
have to do just give it a quick spray
and go ahead and run your fingers
through it and now it's ready to wear
now let's take a quick look inside this
wigs cap construction to see what makes
it one of our best selling wigs this cap
features a closed lace top as well as a
soft band along the forehead here you
can see that the ear tabs are adjustable
and this cap is an open wefted
construction on the sides and back which
allows air to come through making this
wig extremely breathable and lightweight
for all day wear around the back of the
nape you'll notice two adjustable velcro
straps which can be loosened or
tightened up to a half an inch
now for the fun part let's go ahead and
transform my hair into the long and lush
I love this wig now this is how to look
straight out of the package however
since it's made with true-to-life fibers
you can curl or flat iron it up to 350
degrees so if you'd like a sleeker look
you can use your flat iron and if you'd
like even more curl you can go ahead and
feel free to use your curling iron the
bang on this wig measures six inches in
length if you check out the sides ladies
you'll notice all the beautiful layers
and all of the body that this wig has
the back will come down 13 inches in
length this is a beautiful longer style
that will make you feel glamorous and
beautiful for every day or that special
occasion to find your shade just
reference hairdos coloring shown on our
website thank you all again for watching
the long and lush wig by hairdo
you